Employment Contract

This contract, dated from the year 2020 january to, is made between Tactota Solutions and 
Employees. This document constitutes an employment agreement between these two parties 
and is governed by the laws of Sri lanka.

WHEREAS the Employer desires to retain the services of the Employee, and the Employee 
desires to render such services, these terms and conditions are set forth.

IN CONSIDERATION of this mutual understanding, the parties agree to the following terms and 
conditions:

1.	Employment
The Employee agrees that he or she will faithfully and to the best of their ability carry out the 
duties and responsibilities communicated to them by the Employer. The Employee shall comply 
with all company policies, rules and procedures at all times.

2.	Position
It is the duty of the Employee to perform all essential job functions and duties. From time to 
time, the Employer may also add other duties within the reasonable scope of the Employee’s 
work.

3.	Compensation
As compensation for the services provided, the Employee shall be paid a wage of per annum 
and will be subject to an annual performance review. All payments shall be subject to 
mandatory employment deductions (State & Federal Taxes, Social Security, Medicare).

4.	Benefits
The Employee has the right to participate in any benefits plans offered by the Employer. Access 
to these benefits will only be possible after the probationary period has passed.

5.	Probationary Period
It is understood that the first 3 months of employment constitutes a probationary period. 
During this time, the Employee is not eligible for paid time off or other benefits. During this 
time, the Employer also exercises the right to terminate employment at any time without 
advanced notice.

6.	Paid Time Off
Following the probationary period, the Employee shall be eligible for the following paid time 
off:
*	14 days for annual vacation
*	30 days for sick leaves
*	Bereavement leave may be granted if necessary.

The employer reserves the right to modify any paid time off policies.

7.	Termination
It is the intention of both parties to form a long and mutually profitable relationship. However, 
this relationship may be terminated by either party at any time provided 3 months written 
notice is delivered to the other party.

The Employee agrees to return any Employer property upon termination.

8.	Non-Competition and Confidentiality
As an Employee, you will have access to confidential information that is the property of the 
Employer. You are not permitted to disclose this information outside of the Company.

During your time of Employment with the Employer, you may not engage in any work for 
another Employer that is related to or in competition with the Company. You will fully disclose 
to your Employer any other Employment relationships that you have and you will be permitted 
to seek other employment provided that (a.) it does not detract from your ability to fulfill your 
duties, and (b.) you are not assisting another organization in competing with the employer.

It is further acknowledged that upon termination of your employment, you will not solicit 
business from any of the Employer’s clients for a period of at least 3 months.

9.	Entirety
This contract represents the entire agreement between the two parties and supersedes any 
previous written or oral agreement. This agreement may be modified at any time, provided the 
written consent of both the Employer and the Employee.

10.	Severability
The parties agree that if any portion of this contract is found to be void or unenforceable, it 
shall be struck from the record and the remaining provisions will retain their full force and 
effect.

11.	Jurisdiction
This contract shall be governed, interpreted, and construed in accordance with the laws of Sri 
Lanka.
In witness and agreement whereof, the Employer has executed this contract with due 
process through the authorization of official company agents and with the consent of the 
Employee, given here in writing.

